 
Date:  Mon, 30 Dec 2002 11:28:18 -0600 
From:  "Bassuk, Larry" <l-bassuk@ti.com> 
Subject:  RE: GEN, Email Technical Support, www.ti.com, datasheets 
To:  "'tonykuphaldt@lycos.com'" <tonykuphaldt@lycos.com> 
 

Dear Tony,

Thank you for your interest in Texas Instruments.

We are happy to explicitly grant the permission you request in your e-mail
below.

We effectively grant this e-mail through our posting at 

http://www.ti.com/corp/docs/legal/copyright.htm

Regards,
Larry Bassuk
Copyright Counsel
972-917-5458



From:  tonykuphaldt@lycos.com
Sent:  12/29/02 4:22:14 PM
To:  "support@ti.com" <support@ti.com>
Subject:  GEN, Email Technical Support, www.ti.com, datasheets

This Email Sent From: Email Technical Support
http://www.ti.com/cgi-bin/sc/comments.cgi

DATE / TIME (UTC): Sun, 29 Dec 2002 21:22:16 UTC
CUSTOMER'S REGIONAL LOCAL TIME: Sunday, December 29, 2002 1:22:16 PM

NAME : Tony  Kuphaldt

                FIRST NAME: Tony
                 LAST NAME: Kuphaldt
                     TITLE: Instructor
                   COMPANY: Bellingham Technical College
                     EMAIL: tonykuphaldt@lycos.com
                     PHONE: (360)-738-3105 x477
                       FAX:
                   ADDRESS1:
                   ADDRESS2:
                      CITY:
                     STATE:
               POSTAL CODE:
                   COUNTRY: USA
PART NUMBER or DESCRIPTION: datasheets
             END EQUIPMENT:
               APPLICATION:
              DESIGN STAGE:
       PRODUCTION QUANTITY:  units/mo


PROBLEM:
To Whom it may concern,

I am an instructor of Instrumentation at Bellingham Technical College, and
am in the process of compiling a set of tutorial and product datasheet files
for student reference on CD-ROM.  Some of the literature provided for free
download on your website is of interest to my students, and I would like to
formally request permission to copy and distribute these electronic
documents on CD-ROM media.  Specifically, I am interested in many of your
semiconductor device datasheet and application note files.

The reason for doing this is to provide off-line references for students to
take home and view on their own computers.  Many students lack internet
service, or are restricted to slow dial-up connections, and so cannot
effectively make use of your free technical resources on line.

Please understand that these CD-ROMs will be used strictly for academic
purposes, and will not be used in commercial applications of any sort.  If
this is acceptable to you, please send me written permission to copy and
distribute these electronic documents by way of email, and I will include
this letter of permission on the CD-ROMs along with the downloaded
documents.

Thank you for your time and attention in this matter.



Sincerely,

Tony Kuphaldt
Instructor, Instrumentation
Bellingham Technical College
3028 Lindbergh Avenue
Bellingham, WA 98225-1599
(360)-738-3105 x477
tkuphald@btc.ctc.edu
tonykuphaldt@lycos.com


-----------------------------------------------------

    COPYRIGHTS

Texas Instruments is pleased to provide the information on 
these pages of the World Wide Web. We encourage you to 
read and use this information in developing new products.

TI grants permission to download, print copies, store 
downloaded files on a computer and reference this 
information in your documents only for your personal and 
non-commercial use. But remember, TI retains its 
copyright in all of this information. This means that you 
may not further display, reproduce, or distribute this 
information without permission from Texas Instruments. 
This also means you may not, without our permission, 
"mirror" this information on your own server, or modify 
or re-use this information on another system. 

TI further grants permission to non-profit, educational 
institutions (specifically K-12, universities and 
community colleges) to download, reproduce, display and 
distribute the information on these pages solely for use 
in the classroom. This permission is conditioned on not 
modifying the information, retaining all copyright 
notices and including on all reproduced information the 
following credit line: "Courtesy of Texas Instruments". 
Please send us a note describing your use of this 
information under the permission granted in this paragraph.
Send the note and describe the use according to the 
request for permission explained below.

Please send requests for permission, beyond the preceding 
two grants, to make copies of the information on these 
pages to:

copyrightcounsel@list.ti.com, or

Texas Instruments Incorporated
Attn: Copyright Counsel
P.O. Box 655474, MS 3999
Dallas, Texas 75265

Please identify:

Your company or organization name,

The information you want to copy,

The number of copies you plan on making, and

The intended use of the information.

These permissions terminate if the use of this information
under these limited permissions adversely affects the 
reputation of TI, as determined solely by TI. These 
permissions also terminate if you breach any of these terms
and conditions. Upon termination you agree to destroy all
copies of information downloaded from this site.

Copyright laws and other intellectual property laws in the
United States and other countries protect the information 
presented on these pages. Use of any of this information 
beyond these limited permissions is expressly prohibited by
law, and may result in civil and criminal penalties. Except
as stated herein, the information on these pages of the 
World Wide Web may not be copied in any form or by any 
means without TI's prior written consent.

Some photos courtesy of PhotoDisc, Inc. Those photos 
Digital Imagrery © Copyright 2002 PhotoDisc, Inc.

Some photos courtesy of Digital Vision, Ltd. Those photos
© Copyright 2002 Digital Vision ® Ltd.
 
 
 
 
