Dear Mr. Kuphaldt:

Thank you very much for your interest in Data Physics publications. We
are happy to know you find these articles a useful resource for your
students. We thereby grant you a one time permission to distribute the
article "Analog was NOT a computer trademark" authored by Data Physics.
Please include the following Copyright Notice along with the document:

"C2000-2003 Data Physics Corporation. This electronic copy is
distributed by permission of Data Physics Corp., the owner of all rights
to publish and sell the same. Additional technical material can be found
at http://www.dataphysics.com/newdparticles.htm."

Please do not hesitate to contact me if you need further assistance.

Regards,

Sabine Castagnet
Business Development & Marketing Manager
Data Physics Corporation
2025 Gateway Place, Suite 260
San Jose, CA 95110
Phone: (408) 437 0100
Fax: (408) 437 0509
E-mail: castagnet@dataphysics.com 



-----Original Message-----
From: tony kuphaldt [mailto:tonykuphaldt@lycos.com] 
Sent: Monday, January 06, 2003 10:02 AM
To: lang@dataphysics.com 
Subject: Permissoin to copy article

To Whom it may concern,

I am an instructor of Instrumentation at Bellingham Technical College,
and am in the process of compiling a set of tutorial and product
datasheet files for student reference on CD-ROM.  The article you wrote
("Analog was NOT a computer trademark") for Sound and Vibration journal
is of interest to my students, and I would like to formally request
permission to copy and distribute this document to CD-ROM media. 

The reason for doing this is to provide off-line references for students
to take home and view on their own computers.  Many students lack
internet service, or are restricted to slow dial-up connections, and so
cannot effectively make use of this excellent technical resource online.

Please understand that these CD-ROMs will be used strictly for academic
purposes, and will not be used in commercial applications of any sort.
If this is acceptable to you, please send me written permission to copy
and distribute this electronic document by way of email, and I will
include this letter of permission on the CD-ROMs along with the
downloaded document.

Thank you for your time and attention in this matter.



Sincerely,

Tony Kuphaldt
Instructor, Instrumentation
Bellingham Technical College
3028 Lindbergh Avenue
Bellingham, WA 98225-1599
(360)-738-3105 x477
tkuphald@btc.ctc.edu 
tonykuphaldt@lycos.com 

