Hello Mr. Kuphaldt,

Yes, please feel free to use these manuals in the
manner that you described.

The PLC manuals are pretty long (we're just 
updating the DL06 manual and it's almost 1,000 
pages long!), and the download time would be 
pretty long.  Putting them on CD would be much 
faster.  For classroom use, you might want to 
consider purchasing some hardcopy versions of 
some of our manuals.  They are coil-bound and 
not terribly expensive.

Steve Cleary, Documentation Team Captain

------------------------------------------------- 

From: Tony Kuphaldt [mailto:tonyval@gmail.com]
Sent: Saturday, January 20, 2007 12:07 PM
To: Cleary, Steve; Store; Store
Subject: Permission to copy and distribute product literature

 

Hello,

I am an instructor of Instrumentation at Bellingham 
Technical College in Bellingham, Washington.  My 
students use some of your products in the lab, 
including the DirectLogic line of progrmamable logic 
controllers.  I am seeking permission from you to 
download user manual documentation in PDF format 
from your website, copy these manuals onto CD-ROM 
media, then distribute to my students for their 
convenient reference.  I would like to do this 
because many of my students lack high-speed 
internet access, and some do not have internet 
access at all in their homes.  My teaching 
strategy is to use industry manuals such as these 
whenever possible, rather than textbooks, with 
the goal of students learning to teach themselves 
(just as they will have to do on the job) as 
they encounter new equipment and technologies.  
In order to do this effectively, students must 
have convenient, individual access to said manuals.

These CD-ROM disks will only be used for 
educational purposes and they will not be sold.  
If these terms are agreeable to you, please reply 
with permission for me to copy and distribute 
this documentation as described.  AutomationDirect 
will be credited as the authors and copyright 
holders of the documents on the CD-ROM.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

Tony Kuphaldt
Instructor, Instrumentation and Control Technology
Bellingham Technical College
3028 Lindbergh Avenue
Bellingham, WA 98225-1599
(360)-752-8477
tkuphald@btc.ctc.edu

