 
Date:  Fri, 13 Dec 2002 14:29:17 +0000 
From:  duncan.bailey@gb.abb.com 
Subject:  Permission to download and copy PDF files 
To:  tonykuphaldt@lycos.com 
 

The information is in the public domain - and we put it there to be
downloaded and used, so I have no problem with this.  However, the 'old'
website will be closing at the end of the month and the technical
information will then be available at www.abb.com\control valves, if not at
the the start of the year, it will be there within a few weeks.  Also, we
are in the process of updating all the technical literature and the new
versions will be made available on the website as each is completed.

Regards

Duncan Bailey
                                    
---------------------------

To Whom it may concern,

I am an instructor of Instrumentation at Bellingham Technical College, and
am in the process of compiling a set of tutorial and product datasheet
files for student reference on CD-ROM.  Some of the literature provided for
free download on your website is of interest to my students, and I would
like to formally request permission to copy and distribute these electronic
documents on CD-ROM media.  Specifically, I am referring to your product
datasheets on ABB control valves.

The reason for doing this is to provide off-line references for students to
take home and view on their own computers.  Many students lack internet
service, or are restricted to slow dial-up connections, and so cannot
effectively make use of your free technical resources on line.

Please understand that these CD-ROMs will be used strictly for academic
purposes, and will not be used in commercial applications of any sort.  If
this is acceptable to you, please send me written permission to copy and
distribute these electronic documents by way of email, and I will include
this letter of permission on the CD-ROMs along with the downloaded
documents.

Thank you for your time and attention in this matter.



Sincerely,

Tony Kuphaldt
Instructor, Instrumentation
Bellingham Technical College
3028 Lindbergh Avenue
Bellingham, WA 98225-1599
(360)-738-3105 x477
tkuphald@btc.ctc.edu
tonykuphaldt@lycos.com




 
 
