 
Date:  Tue, 07 Jan 2003 16:12:31 -0800 
From:  "Ecom3 Ecom3" <ecom3@irf.com> 
Subject:  Re: Internet Webmaster Question 
To:  <tonykuphaldt@lycos.com> 
 

Dear Mr. Kuphaldt,
Thank you for your interest in International Rectifier products. 
 You have our approval to download the information that you have 
requested from our website and distribute it to your students on 
CD ROM, or other electronic means, for educational purposes.

If we help in your educational activities, please do not hesitate 
to contact me directly and we will consider your request.

Regards,
Joe Engle
Vice President, Marketing Communications
310.252.7019


>>> <ecom3@irf.com> 01/06/03 06:15AM >>>
Name: Tony Kuphaldt
Email: tonykuphaldt@lycos.com 
Issue: To Whom it may concern,

I am an instructor of Instrumentation at Bellingham Technical College, 
and am in the process of compiling a set of tutorial and product 
datasheet files for student reference on CD-ROM.  Some of the literature 
provided for free download on your website is of interest to my 
students, and I would like to formally request permission to copy 
and distribute these electronic documents on CD-ROM media.  In specific, 
I am interested in many of your component datasheets, application 
notes, and other literature related to the use of your semiconductor products.

The reason for doing this is to provide off-line references for 
students to take home and view on their own computers.  Many students 
lack internet service, or are restricted to slow dial-up connections, 
and so cannot effectively make use of your free technical resources on line.

Please understand that these CD-ROMs will be used strictly for academic 
purposes, and will not be used in commercial applications of any 
sort.  If this is acceptable to you, please send me written permission 
to copy and distribute these electronic documents by way of email, 
and I will include this letter of permission on the CD-ROMs along with the downloaded documents.

Thank you for your time and attention in this matter.



Sincerely,

Tony Kuphaldt
Instructor, Instrumentation
Bellingham Technical College
3028 Lindbergh Avenue
Bellingham, WA 98225-1599
(360)-738-3105 x477
tkuphald@btc.ctc.edu 
tonykuphaldt@lycos.com


 
 